DOCSP-33144 Add docs release notes for w/e Sept 22 (#592)
mongodb/docs-app-services: docs-release-notes.md

# September 22, 2023

## Device Sync

> - Configure Sync/Sync Settings: Development Mode: Document update, which allows breaking changes in development mode.

Reviewer: this reads oddly to me. Maybe: 
```suggestion
- Configure Sync/Sync Settings/Development Mode: Add Breaking Changes subsection with details on an update that allows breaking changes in development mode.
```

## Edge Server

- Landing Page: Create landing page for the new Edge Server section.
- Configure to Edge Server: Create a new subpage with installation requirements and instructions for configuring Edge Server.  
- Connect to Edge Server: Create a new subpage for connecting to the Edge Server with an example from the SwiftUI template app.
- Use MongoDB APIs with Edge Server: Create a new subpage with details on MongoDB operations via wireprotocol supported by Edge Server.

## Data API

> - Internal: Add programmatically-generated facet tags to the landing page for improved search indexing.

Reviewer: [nit] don't need a hyphen with adverbs ending in -ly
```suggestion
- Internal: Add programmatically generated facet tags to the landing page for improved search indexing.
```

- Configure Sync/Sync Settings: Update queryable fields documentation for Indexed Queryable Fields and Collection Queryable Fields.
- Handle Errors/Sync Errors: Update queryable fields documentation for Indexed Queryable Fields and Collection Queryable Fields.

> ## Authenticate and Manage Users

Reviewer: nice catch
